You complete me.
If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
I drink your milkshake!I'm just one stomach flu away from my goal weight. at least thats what Randal tells me.
They call it a Royale with cheese.
Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.
You don't understand! I could've had class. I could've been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am.
Wax on, wax off.
I don't want to survive. I want to live!
Jeff bridgesI wish I knew how to quit you.
My precious.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!
I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
The Dude abides.
You talkin' to me?
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys.
Show me the money!
I'll be back.
Yippie-ki-yay, motherfucker!
I see dead people.
There's no place like home.
Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings.
Here's Johnny!
If you build it, he will come.
I am big! It's the pictures that got small.
Karen? Is that you? 
…so tomorrow after the plane lands… (Karen quickly hangs up hearing Lloyd behind her) Hi Lloyd! What’s up? 
What are you doing here so early in the morning? Offices aren’t even open yet.
Oh, I’m just trying to organize the documents a bit before work! It’s always kind of messy in here, right?
(In disbelief) Hmm, ok. If you say so. 
What is it, Karen? I’m busy.
Good morning, Dr. Schmitt. I got your plane ticket for tomorrow. We depart at night, 9pm.
Sigh. Great, put it on the table. You may leave now. 
Very well, sir. Have a good day.
Lloyd? I didn’t know you were coming to this conference with us? And who’s that? (points at the new person)
You’ve been acting strange, Karen. Do you realize?
Strange? Me?
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are finishing up last minute paperwork. Please remain seated with your seat belts fastened, we will take off in a short while.
Come on! What’s taking them so long!
She’s the one, Sheriff Farnworth. The supernatural enthusiast that’s been causing us so much trouble. 
Clara Birk, that’s your real name. Right, ma’am? 
Are you with the police?! Lloyd. You…you did this!
Sheriff Farnworth! We got here as soon as possible. We found evidence of her tempering with many documents at Schmitt Research Facility, and a bunch of flyers in her office desk drawer, about ghosts and that sort of supernatural nonsense. Good job with your undercover role, Lloyd. Everything was just as you described to us in the report.
Clara Birk, Lloyd will escort you back to Denmark. You are banned from entering the US again.  
Karen, you’re fired!
I can’t believe I allowed a psychic to work at my facility for so long! Bah! This kind of unscientific belief is damaging to the well-being of the human race!
But Sheriff, you have to listen to me! Randal Schmitt needs to shut down his energy experiment now. He is disrupting the energy flow between the living and the dead. The balance of the world is going to suffer, we are all going to suffer! 
Please, ma’am, we don’t have time to deal with your delusions. Just go back home.  
a small house in a forest in Denmark
livingroomchronic disease It’s about time.
breaking news reporting on TV saying that the Schmitt Research Facility exploded along with the famous energy experiment
It is done, Lloyd. You will finally get to rest in peace now. 
I want to apologize for my naïve behavior back then, Clara. I didn’t know that you were really able to communicate with the dead. It just sounded crazy…until I experienced it myself. 
It’s not your fault. Who would have believed that the dead are all trapped in this dimension, unable to rest, because of a silly experiment? Well, people still don’t buy it. So, I had to do it the hard way. (laughs)
Thank you, Clara. Bye now.
I don't think I can come with you. I’m aerophobia. You know that.
Hold on, my friend’s talking to me.
I said I don’t think I can make it…
Can you believe that? Randal just hung up on me. Again. That makes twice in a day. New world record for Randal Levy! Bravo! What were you saying?
Never mind.
A party in a crowded apartment.
In a corner of the living room. Karen and Randal are talking to each other, none of them seems to be enjoying themselves. 
What’s the deal with that friend of yours?
I’m still convincing him. I need more time.
I say we better ditch him. You know the cops are…
agony 
No! He has to come with us. There is no other way. 
It’s gonna be fine. Look at me, Lloyd. It’s alright. 
I know… You don’t look so good, Karen. 
I’m fine. We can do this, together.
…Cleared for takeoff runway zero-one, Scavac two-zero…
I’m sensing something…
the person fully covered in blackYou’re with Randal, right?
The person fully covered in black: 
Well, yes and no, I guess…
try to close the door
We should go! Now!
Nobody moves! Randal Levy and Lloyd Richardson, you are under arrest for murder and robbery!
I knew the two of you were planning to get away — now what’s the other two doing with you?
They’re just innocent passengers. We’ll come with you. There’s no need for violence.
You heard him! Put your f*cking guns away!
Go! Now!
Wait…
Just go now. Please.
Some years later
I don’t get it… There’s no way it could go wrong… The Lloyd from future went to prison for him, so the Lloyd in my timeline could’ve survived. I must try again. It has to work this time. It has to.
soft sign
Is that you, Lloyd?
Yes, it’s me. You have to let go now, Karen. There is no way you can save me. You’ve tried. So many times. Either way there’s no chance for me to survive — from prison or heart attack on the plane. It was my choice to rob that store with Randal, and it was me who killed that guy. It’s my fate, my karma, Karen. There’s no way you can change that. 
That’s not true. I can fix this. There gotta be some way…
You have to let go now, Karen. You have to let me go. 
house in a suburban lane.
Good evening, Mr. Torrance.
Hello, is this Rolling Pin Bakery?
Hello, Mrs. Torrance.  Danny isn't here.Hi, is that Randal?  I thought I recognized you; this is Karen.  Could I get a loaf of multigrain bread?  I'll pick it up tomorrow.
Tell him NOT SLICED, Mrs. Torrance.
(Karen rolls her eyes at camera)
Suburban stripmall
Hi there.  I've got your multigrain bread ready to go.  Anything else? Nope, that's fine--  how much?$5.99 
Disproportionate fury.
What part of NOT SLICED didn't you understand??  You had ONE JOB!Look, Randal, I'm sorry I lost my temper; we've all been under a lot of stress lately.
Don't take it personal--  she's had a hair trigger lately.Oh, now I'M the one with the hair trigger?  What about you, asshole?
Ladies and gentleman, we are being held temporarily on the runway; please remain in your seat with your seatbelt fastened.  We should be cleared for takeoff in just a moment.(voice dripping with sarcasm) This is EXACTLY what we needed.Have you got the vials with the virus?Yep, got em through the security check no problem. Sneezes.
Oh great, now I think I'm coming down with something!Ma'am, please hand me your purse.
I'm sorry, but your Gestapo tactics aren't going to work on me!Get away from her, you bitch!
I'm sorry, I should have told you that Iona and I are eco-terrorists distributing an apocalyptic virus to major cities all around the world.But we thought you were BAKERS!
Some days I wish I hadn't been immune to that virus after all.
What the--I am thy father’s spirit,
Doomed for a certain term to walk the night
And for the day confined to fast in fires
Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature
Are burnt and purged away. But that I am forbid 
To tell the secrets of my prison house,
I could a tale unfold whose lightest word
Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, 
Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres,
Thy knotted and combinèd locks to part, 
And each particular hair to stand an end, 
Like quills upon the fearful porpentine. 
If thou didst ever thy dear father love,
Revenge his foul and most unnatural murder
Murder most foul, as in the best it is, 
But this most foul, strange, and unnatural. 
Adieu, adieu, adieu. Remember me. 
an open book on table
I know it deep in my heart.
Freeze!
I’m sick of that motherfxxker.
Don’t make me do that!
Get rid off him.
No!
Driving on a lovely sunny day
at Hollywood.
Want a glass?
It’s 10 in the morning.
So what?
Rage
And U driving.
In a temple they doing meditation with several monks.
I feel Peace.
I ain’t feel shit.
Just let it go……
Boss, we may have some trouble.
Breath in……Breath out……
What’s going on.
Cops find our transport plane.
Throwing her hands down on the tray table
U fxxking kidding me?!
Two police watching Breaking Bad.
I love this show.
Yeah? Sometimes I wish the street pharmacists in our area could be cool like them.
Fxxk cops!
STFU!U wanna get caught? Cuz I ain’t going with u.
I told u boss. I can’t handle this crazyass.
Last words my friend?
Just relax. Breath in……and Breath out……
Years later near the table with a dusty book on it.
Gang shooting. 
*sighs*
walkie talkie sound
Yes?
Boss I hope u r here.
I’m always with u boss.
Agave farm in Oaxaca, Mexico.
Lloyd and Karen are on a spirit quest in Mexico involving numerous hallucinogenic substances and have happened upon a large scale agave farm.
Karen, did you see that?
Hi, can I order fifty buffalo wings, extra spicy, extra blue cheese, extra celery please?
KAREN PLEASE TELL ME YOU SAW THAT.
What, you mean Randall? He’s very friendly for a talking giant scorpion. Don’t tell me you’re scared? pssssshhhhh. 
What? No... no of course I’m not scared, DUH. I’m just saying, like maybe you should consider paying more attention to your surroundings and stuff.
Karen, ever since I laid eyes on you I knew you were the one. Never have I witnessed such splendor, such beauty, such grace. The gods have bestowed me with the blessing of your presence and I would be a fool to squander such an opportunity. I guess… well what I’m saying is… (clears throat) I love you Karen. I have always loved you. (gets on one knee and Karen gasps) Will you marry me?
But… but… Randal what would Lloyd think? I mean I barely know you.
You deceive yourself Karen. I have been with you your whole life. I’ve been inside you, watching, listening, reading your every thought. (randal’s face becomes sinister) I AM YOU KAREN. THERE IS NO ESCAPING ME! MUHUHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA. 
hysteric despair .
It’s been over an hour and my buffalo wings still aren’t here yet!
I fucking hate planes. Also, the three of you smell like rancid piss.
I love you too Karen. You’re just lucky you got out of there alive.
Shhhhhhhhh. Don’t ever talk about what happened. Don’t tell anyone. If you ever speak of that shit again I will personally murder your entire family. 
Attention passengers the plane is now being fumigated due to a bedbug outbreak. Please hang tight for a few more hours.
Wait… we’re the bedbugs!
Dude, you need to fix this – quick!
I’ve never been one to turn down a challenge. However, my abilities do not protect against bug poison.
stares blankly into the aisle.
I’ve always known I was insignificant, but I could have never guessed I would die a pawn in their twisted games. I’m nothing but a maggot waiting to be crushed by the heel of society... The exterminators won’t get away with this. Not if I can help it. 
We’re here to stop the invasion!
What invasion? Dickhead.
I am a space orb sent from the fifth dimension to enslave humanity. I was simply pretending to be your friend in order to infiltrate this plane and steal the blueprints. Finally, I have the means to complete my magnum opus! 
(yells) 
You despicable piece of alien feces! I will make you pay for what you’ve done. You won’t get away with this. Not on my watch.
Just know that I still love you with all my heart Karen.
You may have fooled us this time, but don’t think that this is over… because it’s not. Not by a long shot, buster.
But Karen… it’s me Diego. Don’t listen to Randall, he’s insane. He literally just got out of a mental institution like two weeks ago. I’m the one you need, baby. I’ve always been there for you.
A tomb underneath an Egyptian pyramid.
a dimly lit, dusty tomb with sarcophagi lining the walls where Karen sits all alone.
Lloyd died of a kidney explosion some years ago
(humming) doo di doo di doo... sitting in a tomb... doo di doo di doo…
Suddenly she is interrupted by a secret passageway opening up in the middle of the floor 
That’s a cute tunnel.
I have awoken from my slumber to haunt you for eternity. 
*yawn* Is that it? Can I go back to doing my taxes now?
I guess… (trails off) 
Kids sitting in a classroom
A quiet classroom-afternoon
I’m not gonna do it!!!
Yeah, uh, we’re gonna need some security here, we have a disruptive student
Oh You’re getting security involved?!!!
Yes..Please send Randall..This one’s a big one.
Not Randall, please!!!
So..uh what’s the situation?
They won’t listen to me!!!! Lloyd is leading a revolution in the classroom..They’re demanding refunds and no more zoom classes!!!
Uh..I don’t think I can do anything about that.  What do you need me for?
Rage
JUST DO SOMETHING!!!
Throwing Lloyd on the ground wasn’t exactly what I meant by “do something”
Yeah, my broken arm is not thankful for that
I apologize on behalf of Randal..He didn’t mean it
Alright folks, get settled.  We will depart in about fifteen minutes to the Galapagos islands 
Never on time...
So no refunds?
IN YOUR DREAMS LOSER!!!!! As artists, we have to work in whatever circumstances are thrown our way.  We can do this.
Throwing her hands down on the tray table
Yeah right!! I can’t do this anymore.  I’m being paid shit for this.
Is there a situation here?
We were told there was some unruly passengers
I love police <3 and not giving refunds <3
AHHHHHHH!!!!
(waking up from his sleep) how did we end up here
You! This is all your fault!
Forgive me karen please!!
*sighs*
Suddenly she is interrupted by a walkie talkie sound
Hello!?
Its me!
Lloyd?!! Are you there?
I was never there….
The lot is empty, a building was just torn down and there are three tree stumps left and a pile of old gargoyles from the top of the facade of the building.
Man, I can’t believe it came down this fast. Its only been two months. 
I told you we had no chance of saving it. History doesn’t count for shit anymore.
Lloyd picks up a cracked red tile.
This was from their bathroom, up on the top floor. It made you feel like you were back in Studio 54 or something. Having a wild night. 
Ahh I remember those days. You and Randal were always getting high out of your mind. The things I would do to go back to those days sometimes, when life moves faster than I’d like. 
I hear you, that would be the move. 
On the middle of a frozen lake
Its nice to see you Karen. I began to think you were avoiding me. You know after how we left things.
Thats alright you don’t have to go into details. Just catch me up on you
Well, Cindy and I have been taking care of our properties, as usual, you know how that goes, trying to stay lowkey about things. The kids are good too,Its hard to believe they have been out of the house for 10 years now. 
[spontaneity]
You know Randal, I was thinking that we should just leave, like we had planned a while back. Its not too late you know. I could tell lloyd its for business like I’ve said before. 
Well its great we all finally got around to this vacation.
Yeah its nice it was able to be the four of us.
Its better this way I suppose, we can all keep tabs on each other.
Please make sure you are ready to take off and in your seats.
I am going to see if I can get Cindy to follow me to the bathroom.
This seems pretty spontaneous doesn’t it? Fishy at all? 
Oh no I think this is a lovely idea, its been too long.
Hey guys Ill be right back, just going to freshen up before taking off for this long flight!
Is Cindy Sherman on this plane.
Everyone please stay in your seats while we search the plane.
Crap I knew this wasn’t a good idea, quick Randal switch seats with me, Ill pretend to be sleeping at the window. 
She’s right here police officer!! 
I knew this wasn’t going to work, you’re out of your mind woman.
You better keep your hand to yourself this time. And don’t worry, I know where everything is in your properties, Randal and I also have a secret relationship.
Please listen to me, I am not responsible for what you think I am, I can swear by it, let me pull up the documents on my computer, I have it with me right now!
Lloyd sitting at the campfire alone with Stacey sleeping in the tent suddenly he hears a phone ringing he searches and finds an old phone next to a tree. He picks it up.
In the middle of the woods somewhere.
Hello? Who is this?
Lloyed it’s me Karen I’ve been meaning to reach you for weeks now where have you been? I gotta tell you something important.
Karen???? *He bursts in tears* you’re alive? I was at your funeral last month. What is this? How are you calling me?
That’s not so important Lloyd, I don’t have much time okay? It was Randal, he poisoned my drink please find a way to tell the cops it wasn’t a heart attack.
What are you talking about? Hello? Karen, Hello? *phone had died* 
I wonder if anyone will find out…
That you poisoned me Randal and made it look like a heart attack? Guess what soon everyone will know and you will rot in jail forever.
What was that? Who’s there? Am I going crazy? That sounded like karen's voice.
Anger
OF COURSE IT’S ME RANDAL! I WILL NEVER LET YOU GET AWAY WITH THIS!
Lloyd you Can’t let him leave the country he’s gonna ditch you two and disappear this is all an act.
What? Who is that?
OH Lloyd there’s no getting through to you is there? I guess I have to take matters into my own hands.
It seems like we’re having some technical difficulties here. We might take some time before take off.
Randal you’re not getting away with this!
Did you see that? Did you hear that. I’m hearing things again I swear she’s talking to me
Oh honey it’s probably something you had at the campsite don’t worry you’ll come off this daze.
Randal killed me police men, you got to get him arrested!
Who is Randal Michelson? 
Sir we have been sent to take you in for questioning.
What is this police officers? Is everything okay?
GODDAMIT I CAN”T TAKE THIS ANYMORE, She’s been haunting me for weeks. It was me I killed her, I poisoned her coffee. And she was in it too, Stacy was.
I’m sorry Karen, she made me do it, she tricked me. I’m sorry
Stacy? You were my friend! I can’t believe you were in on this too I hope you both rot in hell!
Officers please take me away from these men they have gone crazy!
A magical forest.
Sipping wine in the heavens where Karen sits all alone.
Lloyd died of a old age some years ago.
I’m glad I got to get some justice before I was sent off here
Suddenly she is interrupted by a branch breaking.
Who’s approaching?
Hey Karen, I missed you. I’m sorry I never got your messages back then.
It’s okay I’m just glad it all worked out.
Well I hope to see you around Karen, stay in touch.
Hiding from the president.
IS he gone?
Not yet hold on
Well fuck i cant wait forever.
The VP sitting in the president's chair with no pants on.
Are they gone yet?
Naw, just chill a bit longer.
But my pants.
fuckkkk
What the fuck dose that mean!!
Suddenly she is interrupted by a beep mother fucker.
In front of you are you blind.
Are you there yet?
So this is how I die.
PLease, I’m telling you there is no other way...we need some sort of food, and...utilities, like water...and come on...I can’t sleep without taking a bath! Hello..?
I can’t believe I got caught up in all this thanks to this girl...I should’ve never believed her...
Hey hey, wait! Don’t hang up! Randal! I know Randal..he’s your boss right ,we were good friends...please hand him the phone...please I got to talk to him!
Randal? Did you just say Randal? That son of a-
Randal laid back on a couch, butler approaches with phone in hand. He takes the phone and talks to Karen.
Hello, Karen I assume?
Randal oh god Randal! You need to believe me, we really really didn’t kill Miss Doggy.
Don’t try me! Your good-for-nothing boyfriend Lloyd kicked her off the balcony, we all saw (started sobbing) what did Miss Doggy ever do to him? She deserved the world.. Uhh ugggh sniff, after all the kindness I showed you and invited you ill-bred bunch to Miss Doggy’s birthday party..you...You both were in on this...It was a planned murder!
[desperation]
Randal, Randal...oh.. Randal please, we didn’t plan this I swear, we were framed...we loved Miss- (BEEP) -Doggy! Hello? Hello?...Nooo Noooo...I need a bath oh goodness...Randal...Lloyd, this is all your fau---
(whispers) This is our last chance, look all we need to do is hand Miss Doggy over to Randal and he’ll forgive us, I can’t believe he actually came...
(whispers) ...and I can’t believe you admitted that Miss Doggy was alive and we kidnapped her...
(whispers) what did you really think I wouldn’t? We were going to die, you should be thanking me ...I can't wait to take a bath
I understand no one cares about me, just thought you’d like to know we are now landing in LAX also …(RUFF RUFF)..shut up! I can’t let them find out..!
Are..are you documenting us? Did you...You heard what I said to Lloyd didn’t you?
Who is this person...are we being recorded? Without consent? That’s criminal!
Don’t worry as long as Miss Doggy is returned safe and sound, this will not serve as evidence nor will it be leaked to the masses.
ABSOLUTELY NOT… YOU CAN’T RECORD US!.
Phew, it sure is crazy out there isn’t it...with Miss Doggy missing and everything...I swear I’m gonna arrest anyone who makes a racket next.
Agreed, ugh I hate noisy people...Hey what’s going on here? What’s the ruckus about?
We are currently having these criminals lead us to Miss Doggy. It was believed she was kicked off the balcony but apparently she was kidnapped- it was all part of their horrific plan-
OH LET ME TELL YOU-MISS DOGGY SHE-
YOU CRIMINAL- YOU - GIVE HER BACK- GIVE MISS DOGGY BAAAACK TO MEEEEEE!
Wait.. what’s going on why are you guys getting arrested not us? What...
Don’t let them take me, oh, I was just doing my job, I didn’t mean to leave you two stranded, I was going to let you take a bath, I DON’T CARE ABOUT THAT DAMN CAT LET ME GOOOOOO!
Sigh, oh Lloyd if only you told me where you hid the darn cat, I’d be rich by now. Imagine all the money that prized Miss Doggy could’ve given me.
What was that? Is that the neighbor’s cat or something?
No it’s me Karen, long time no see.
Lloyd? How is this possible...you’re dead! You're a Ghost aren’t you ...and that cat you're holding...MISS DOGGY?
I had one regret Karen...it wasn’t that I didn’t marry you...it was that Miss Doggy WAS dead all along, I DID kick her off the balcony...I just lied afterwards to you and Randal since I thought I was going to die...if I knew I was going to die anyways that day...I would’ve told you...you’re actually crazy, also..Miss Doggy’s a dog obviously...and your life’s a lie, thought you ought to know that. Bye.
The police can't make me do anything. 
When this is all over I swear to god, Im having a heart attack. 
Listen here see? Listen here. 
Stop it. Stop it. I can no longer pretend youre something special. 
Look at the wide load on this one. 
CAN YOU PLEASE STOP SPEAKING. 
I CANT STOP TALKING.
I'm here to help. 
You think youre so special. 